welcome back so the film starts with a
strange scene
there was a security guard who was very
scared that he was running here and
there
while running he reaches a room there
were some lockers and when they see him
they start opening
there were mirrors in those lockers that
man gets scared while seeing them that
he says to them to forgive me
meanwhile a mirror among those mirrors
breaks that a piece of it falls down
now the security guard we are shown in
the mirror picks up that piece and cuts
his neck with it and in reality
the security guard does the same and
he dies now here the scene changes and
we are shown another story
though we see a boy ben and the police
were following him while thinking that
he has killed the police officer that
that's why he was living in his sister's
house secretly
but how much time he could spend here
without a job dot so he starts searching
for a job for himself that he finds a
store there was still a vacancy that he
goes and meets with its owner
that store was in a building and that
was a strange building that it was burnt
a few years ago
many people were dead in it this
building was huge and deserted
now they have done the job of ben that
what he had to do the owner of the store
asks ben that you have to keep clean the
mirrors of this building that i get
irritated by the dirty mirrors
then ben says yes why not that he moves
his home from there
there was his wife and his son but his
wife says to him that while you come
here
hide in the place where you're living
ben says to her that i am here to meet
my son
then there is a fight between them and
he leaves from there
here we also feel that ben was a very
aggressive person
for this purpose he was also taking
medicines the store in which ben
get the job it was at night time there
was no light at that place ben was
walking here and there with his torch
that he sees a huge mirror
there were handprints on it ben starts
cleaning them but they were not removing
that he was feeling in the mirror that
his back door is opening
but when he sees it in reality it was
closed but he ignores this thing
the next knight when he again comes to
his duty he sees those marks again on
that mirror that he thinks that maybe
these were my handprints that as he
touches the mirror it breaks
the weird things start happening there
that it seems like some people were
burning inside the mirror
ben also sets on that fire but when he
stares at himself he was all right that
he thinks that maybe these are the
effects of the medicines that he finds a
wallet from there and it was the wallet
of that human who has died here
this means the previous guard at this
store he couldn't understand that what
is this happening
because still he was seeing the strange
things in the mirror dot as the hand of
a woman that he lifts the mirror and
takes it with him that he starts seeing
the other places in that store
there he sees a burnt lady that was
horrible dot on the other side
the son of ben was also seeing these
things in the mirror
but his mother says my son don't be a
worry dot go to sleep point one day ben
receives a parcel with the name of that
security officer at home
there were many newspapers in it there
was the news in those newspapers that
how that building was burned
and many people died in it that he asks
that owner that where is that security
officer
he tells him that he is dead ben becomes
worried that who has to send him that
parcel
ben's wife was a doctor in a hospital
there was that security guard's dead
body in that
hospital that was frozen ben takes his
dead body through his wife but then the
reflection
of that security guard scared him badly
now on the other side
we see ben's sister at home she was
taking off her earrings while sitting in
front of the mirror but when she goes to
take
shower her reflection stays in the
mirror that reflection was opening her
mouth completely and it starts bleeding
dot on the other side
the mouth of ben's sister opens itself
and she dies in the water after
returning home when ben sees that he
becomes heartbroken and he understands
that these mirrors are mysterious that
he starts shooting those mirrors
while going into that building but the
shocking thing is that those mirrors
make themselves fine again
ben starts weeping and he says that why
are you doing this to me
then a name was written in the mirror
the same name he finds in the wallet of
that security guard
this means these mirrors and the death
of the security guards are connected
with this name
but when he investigates he didn't find
any man with this name that he starts
reading the newspapers it was written in
the newspapers that a man willingly set
that building on fire that he himself
also burned badly in it that he is still
alive and he is in a hospital
ben goes to meet him ben goes to meet
him and asks him that why he set that
building on fire
he says that i didn't have any bad
intentions behind it that i was
irritated by those mirrors and the name
of the man they were writing to again
and again i couldn't find him anywhere
due to this i was losing my family also
to destroy those mirrors i set that
building on fire
but it didn't affect those mirrors that
i also burned in that fire
now ben understands that if he couldn't
find that man his family will also be
killed
his life is also at risk ben says that i
will come to know this thing that he
goes to that building and starts seeing
here and there that he comes to know
that it was a mental asylum
here the patients were tortured badly
that he comes to know this when he
breaks a wall from where the water was
coming that he arrives at a place where
was a chair and it was surrounded by
mirrors that it was the torture room of
that hospital
here the patients were tortured badly
now ben calls his friend
he was a detective that he tells him
about the name of this hospital
and about this torture room that he
tells him that yes there was a case on
it that i will give you a file
they meet and start talking to each
other
that detective tells ben that there was
a patient in this mental asylum named
anna
they torture her a lot there was a
problem in her mind that she feels
everything quickly her feelings hurt
quickly that that's why they torture her
willingly point one day all patients
start attacking anna
due to which anna died and other
patients have also died
this hospital was banned this hospital
was sealed for always after it
there was a store constructed on it but
that store was also not fine that it was
burnt and now the building is in front
of you
deserted and nobody visit here but the
parcel which ben received that he comes
to know that anna has discharged two
days
before that incident this means the
patients
have not died with anna ben was going
insane while
thinking this he researches more about
it and says that i will know that what
had happened
on the other side ben's son was talking
to himself
while sitting in front of the mirror
when his mother sees it she
says that son why are you doing this
come here to me
and when he goes to his mother his
mother sees that his reflection
is still in the mirror seeing it she
gets scared and calls her husband means
ben
ben says that i am coming don't go in
front of any mirror
after coming there he covers all the
mirrors and windows that he paints them
now ben takes the address of anna's
house somehow
he comes to know from her family members
that she was actually
mad she was also very aggressive
this means she comes in anger hurriedly
she was sent to the hospital
she was tortured but she becomes all
right
and after some time she returned home
but when she returned all the mirrors of
the house start doing weird activities
means the strange people seen in them
that anna's condition again gets worse
then she was sent to a place where there
was no mirror ben
says that i will go to meet her she is
alive or not
now ben goes to that place and he sees
that anna was grown old now
ben starts talking to her there was a
wooden net between them
ben asks anna will you come with me to
that mental asylum
again anna says no when i was tortured
there was a demon inside me
that demon was changed into several
demons
and if i will go there again the demons
which are imprisoned in those mirrors
will again come inside me
ben gives her his family's sake that my
family is dying because of it
you have to come anna goes from there
while giving no answer to him
then ben points a gun at her that he
says that no you have to come down on
the other side
we see that at night ben's son was
disappeared from his mother
when his mother goes to search for him
she sees that there is water everywhere
and when she goes to the washroom a
reflection pulls her into the bathtub
and tries to kill her now upstairs
in the room when ben's daughter sees in
the mirror she sees her mother's
reflection
that wasn't there in reality that
reflection was about to kill her
meanwhile ben's wife escaped her life
from there and comes upstairs
she saves her daughter from her
reflection
then she again goes to search for her
son
she sees water at a place she sees her
in its reflection when she goes near him
he injures her with a knife on the other
side
ben has taken anna with him that he
brings her to that torture room where
was she tortured that he ties old anna
with that chair
after it all the demons from the mirrors
come out
ben himself comes out of that room the
demons returned to anna's body again
due to which anna's body was blasted
all the mirrors break automatically
and finally there was no mirror left in
the building
now anna was possessed completely her
face was looking horrible
she starts jumping high and she tries to
attack ben
but ben was also continuously shooting
her
then ben gets an idea he hits anna with
a pipe
that was a gas pipe and the gas started
leaking
getting a chance from it then shoots at
that site
due to it that place gets into the fire
and anna burns in it but anna's anger
wasn't finished yet
she starts making that building fall
down
so that band can die falling under this
building
but ben does the same with anna now the
building starts breaking
and falls on anna anna remains under it
unluckily some part of the building also
falls on ben
but later he was rescued on the other
side of the house
ben's son was pulled by his own
reflection
but his mother released him and start
making her son fine
but when ben sees while coming outside
the building
he was seeing everything was written
backward
he comes to know that he is now in the
mirror world
surely he was also dead and he could
never come outside the mirror
because all the mirrors of that place
were broken
with this scene this movie ends here
thank you for watching